Good morning, family. How are y'all doing today? Well, praise the Lord!
I'm excited to be here today. I have some things on my heart we're going to pray about.
You know, a lot of people—I guess I caused some confusion on not the last video, but the video before—people are asking, "What are you talking about, the economy?
I thought it was going to crash and all this stuff."I saw when President Trump wins the election, the economy and the news of winning causes a ripple throughout the whole world.
There are a lot of people that will be excited; yes, there will be a lot of people that are not excited.
But for the most part, what I was shown was that there is an economic—like people, when they hear the news, the stock market rallies and gets excited and things happen.
I saw a pumping of the economy. And so people were like, "I thought you said you saw the economy crash?"I did, and I still do.
I told you all that it was like a house of cards. I saw the BRICS nations rising up and trying to create their digital platform.
I said, "I believe this is me looking into a vision."Whenever I've said this, there is depth perception in a vision where you are looking, whether it's a year, a month, or two years or whatever; it's very hard to tell.
You have to... it's like this: the Lord told me, "You are going to have to be so precise.
It's going to be like a ticking of a clock when it comes to investments."He said because if you're too early, you're too early; if you're too late, you're too late.
You have to be just like a clock. He was referring in my heart because my favorite watch is a Rolex.
I've never owned one, but I think they're beautiful. And he talked to me about how precise a tick is: tick, tick, tick, tick, tick.
Invest. Tick, tick, tick. Don't invest. If you do it by the precision of the heartbeat of the Father, you will not miss it.
But if you're doing it too early, it is too early in investments.
If you get in there and you invest too early and he's not saying that yet, and you put something into something, then you could lose money, right?
Or it could be way too early or whatever. And then all of a sudden he says, "Invest in this,"and you are scared to invest in it because your flesh is involved.
And he's saying, "Do something,"and you're going, "Man, I don't know."And then it shoots up really high and you miss the opportunity to put your money in it.
And so that's why I'm saying it has to be you, when you are doing stuff with money, hearing his voice right on every single thing.
So whenever I tell you the Lord is telling me a season of grace, a time of grace, he said, "Brandon, there has been much prayer that has gone before me over the month of October, and I am granting more grace over what I would see was going to be hell on earth."There was like a small little window.
Now, what that entails—if that's until the first of the year, a small window—I have no idea.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm human, and when I'm praying, I'm just telling you exactly what I'm seeing.
And so I want you to pray about it too. It's not for you to ride on the back and just go, "Hey, you figure it out, Brother Brandon."No, no, no.
You help me. If I bring something to you to pray about and it doesn't witness with you, then say, "That doesn't sound like anything.
That doesn't witness with my spirit at all. I don't believe you're hearing the Lord."That's fine.
We hear in part and we see in part. And so what I may see, you may not see.
You know, a lot of people were like, "What did you pray about the New York Yankees and all that for so long?"I brought it up because the Lord brought it up to me.
I saw the vision of the New York Yankees going to the World Series and the Los Angeles Dodgers clear back in like May.
And I saw attempted attacks on Yankee Stadium, and he kept telling me, "Watch the Yankees.
Watch the Yankees."That's the only word he was giving me: "Watch and pray for the Yankees."And so when you add to or take away from anything whenever he's talking to you... I'm just giving you what I'm learning.
I'm thinking in my natural mind, even into August, and he says, "Pay attention to the Yankees."I'm thinking, "Wow, the Yankees are going to go to the World Series and win it."But he said it would be the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Yankees.
So just like he said, it happened. So I'm at October, and I told the pastor, "Hey, I believe the Yankees are going to win,"because we just talk sports. And so I'm seeing this at the prayer conference.
Whenever I'm talking about this to the pastor, I'm going, "Well, you know, the Lord's been telling me to watch the Yankees since May."I mean, this is a long time—that we pray over it, that there would be no attacks at the World Series, because I knew they were going to the World Series.
I just had no idea if they were going to win. I saw them going, but then I saw Los Angeles.
So when it got to the Friday when they started the game, the Lord says, "Los Angeles will win it in game five, the whole thing."And I thought, "Game five, the whole thing?"But they'll have three games to pray over at Yankee Stadium that nothing happens.
And that was, I believe, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Three games in a row at Yankee Stadium, but they would lose in game five.
And I was like, "Oh, wow."Lord, I thought they were going to win.
Not that it matters, but it's learning to listen to his voice. Do not assume anything.
Do not think for him, thinking, "Well, I believe this is what you're saying."Don't add to it. He said, "Pray for the Yankees. Pray for the stadium.
Pray for this."And here I am, you start adding to the prophetic word by saying, "Oh, the Yankees are going to win."But when it got down to teaching me...
I'm just letting you all in on something that I never let a lot of people in on, and I'm obviously going to let thousands in now.
But this is how I learn, and this is how he teaches me to flow in my gift and how I see and hear.
Because I'm a work in progress and I'm hearing things, this is how I do it.
And so whenever the Lord is instructing me, you get pieces of the puzzle and you build yourself.
You do not become a champion in anything without practice. I don't care who you are.
If you think that you're just going to jump right out and be a LeBron James or a Michael Jordan in anything you do, it's impossible. You have to learn how to...
when you're riding a bike, you learn just as much how to pick yourself up when you fall than you do whenever you are an amazing BMX biker, or a Joe Montana, or Troy Aikman, or Emmitt Smith, or somebody in sports that was the best at their level.
You do not become a great until you practice in high school all the way up to college, and then you keep going.
You do not become a great overnight, basically, in anything.
And even listening to the voice of the Lord, you practice his presence.
You practice, and when you fall, you pick yourself back up. You keep going and you go, "Well, man, I missed it big,"whatever.
I'm trying to paint a picture for you all. So here, I saw about the Yankees.
So I'm assuming privately between my wife and I and my kids and my pastor that the Yankees were going to win.
And this is just something that we just talked about privately. I never made it public.
I just talked about this because I thought, "Man, the Yankees are going to win. This is cool."And we'll watch it play out.
So when it got down to that Friday when the World Series started, the Lord came to me and he said, "Brandon, Los Angeles will win it in game five."And I said, "Wow."I said, "The Yankees are only going to win one game?"So you just talk over things with the Lord.
I just make a note of it. I tell my son. We archive it so we know, because this is me learning.
And so it gets down to game five and the Yankees are up by like six points or whatever it was. It was a lot.
And I thought, "Man, I've missed it."And then all of a sudden, in the fifth inning, they started falling apart.
And they blew a humongous lead with errors and dropping the ball and throwing the ball.
It was just stupid plays. And they lost the lead in the fifth inning in game five.
And so for you that don't care about sports, I'm just trying to... for people who want to learn.
So it got down to game five and they blew the lead, and they lost the game. And it was just like the Lord said.
But at the point whenever I'm looking into it in the natural, I'm thinking, "Man, I missed it.
There's going to be a game six."And I told my wife, "Surely I didn't miss both what the Lord said about the fifth game and who was going to win."Because I assumed it was going to be the Yankees, like I said.
And lo and behold, it happened just like the Lord said. And then he scolded me and he said, "Brandon, you can never think for me that this is what you're assuming that I'm saying.
Never add to a word that I'm giving you."This was a good example of what I'm trying to practice with you, trying for you to learn that whenever you are looking into a vision, you do not add to or take away from anything.
He said, "Pray for the Yankees in the stadium."It's exactly what he said.
And he said, "I told you Los Angeles."He said, "I never told you anything else about who would win."I said, "You're right."I just assumed because you kept telling me to watch the Yankees.
And I learned something. Even at the level I am and what I'm hearing and seeing, I still have correction from the Father all the time telling me, "Brandon, you're off.
You need to learn and you need to grow."So you may say, "Brandon, you have it all together,"and there's a lot of you that don't think I have it all together because I get the comments.
But there's a lot of people that do and they put you on a pedestal. And I'm telling you, I'm a work in progress just like you.
And yes, some people are further along in their walk with the Lord than others, but it just all takes a day-to-day.
We all learn by trial and error. We all learn just like by riding a bike how to listen to him.
And my thing is sports. We talk about sports all the time. We talk about who's going to win the NBA championships. We talk about the Super Bowl.
He'll tell me way in advance who's going to win the Super Bowl, and I'll write it down and I'll keep it private between me and my kids and my wife. It's something I learned how to build off of.
And even being so precise of something that I saw clear back in May—which is very hard to do in the natural—I still missed it in my heart and I walked away discouraged.
I thought, "Well..."and I'm just being real with y'all. I think it's good to be real, not to be so hyper...
I'm just real. So going back to what I saw about the economy. And so you say, "Well, you said the economy is going to crash.
You said that the interest rates were going to be lowered in April and you missed it."And I apologize; I told you all I did.
I saw what I assumed was the deflating of the balloon. I saw the deflating of the balloon and I added to it, saying that the interest rates were going to come down.
I saw numbers and I thought the interest rates were coming down. I missed it.
Then I saw the summer months and I saw the housing market shaking. I saw the thin membrane shaking, shaking, shaking.
Nothing happened for the interest rates until, I believe, it was September.
And then I told you all that I saw the bubble pop in October, and there would be an event happen in October.
So then the Lord says to me, "You're going to pray over the economy."We're praying for 30 days.
And he said, "Much prayer in Washington, all these places...
prayer has gone up before my throne."And now, I saw this: going into 2025, that there would be great economic distress, a dam breaking, all the stuff flowing behind the dam.
And I still see it. I believe in my spirit... I'm going to tell you...
because you're going to say, "I don't really care what you think.
What does the Lord say?"This is how I do it. If you want to listen to the channel, fine.
If you don't, go listen to somebody else, and that's fine. I'm not trying to sway you or twist your arm to be here.
Thank you for being here. If you want to pray with me, fine. But this is what I see.
Okay, so adding to and taking away from anything when you see...
so here we are in October. Did we see any kind of big bubble bust? He said it was a mark in the spirit realm about October.
And everybody says, "There's an October surprise."I never heard the word "October surprise."I never prophesied one time on my channel that there would be an October surprise.
I said there would be an event that happens in October that would cause the economy to shake.
The BRICS nations met and they had the major event around the 21st to the 24th.
And so I believed in my spirit that that was the event because every single time I've seen and I've prayed, it's been around the BRICS creating, with China, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, the petrodollar, all that stuff, creating their own currency, creating their own digital platform against the dollar, causing the dollar to crumble.
That's what I've seen. And I've seen it completely destroy the dollar with having Saudi Arabia and the petrodollar joining up with China and all this other stuff.
So when that happens, I still believe it because the Lord told me a house of cards will fall.
And I saw the house of cards falling, and I saw a major shaking still taking place.
And I saw the 1920s and 1930s and a major stock market crash similar to what happened. And then I saw the four oak trees.
The Lord told me to pray about the four oak trees standing strong in this economic decision that will be made, which I believe is four years of President Trump's presidency—one, two, three, four years over the United States economy.
So when you're seeing about the economy escalating and getting better for a small little window...
what is it? A week, two weeks? I don't know. I'm learning to not try to say "this is what I feel."No, this is what I saw.
He did not give me a direct time frame yet. So I saw the economy...
it could be just one day, it could be two days, it could be a week. Who knows?
All I know is I saw the economy taking off for maybe a 24-hour window. I don't know.
Because they announce that he wins, and then I saw Jerome Powell again.
So Jerome Powell was still running things. And so I saw the house of cards fall.
I saw the economy fall. Whether or not that is in January, I still saw the dam bursting.
I still saw the terrible times ahead for the United States, a humbling coming.
And people say, "What is the falling like gnats?"I saw the plague and I've warned you all about this plague.
Donald Trump was president when the plague is released and he announces that he's shutting down air travel.
And I saw a massive plague coming again that was worse than COVID on steroids.
It was huge. From what I saw, 350 plus million people will perish.
And I saw over 30 million in the United States of America. And it was very, very bad.
And I saw people again, the Lord showed me, falling like gnats.
And people around you that you thought were really, really strong Christians, and people that were walking a compromise.
And that's why I preached such a strong word yesterday telling you all not to ride the fence.
If you're all in, you're all in, but do not play Christianity right now.
And people got really upset at me. I got the emails. They think, "Well, you're being judgmental.
You need to just pray and shut up."All the things that you all said in the emails—crazy.
And I'm like, "No, I'm going to say what the Holy Spirit tells me to say."And if you don't like it, go click somebody else's video.
And that's just how bold it is. You're not going to come on here with a spirit of intimidation and demonic spirits of Jezebel and try to knock me down.
I'm not listening to you. I'm going to be even more bold about it because I know I touched a nerve.
And if you don't like it, like I said, bye-bye. I don't care. I'm going to tell what the Holy Spirit tells me to say.
And so we are in that time frame that you have to get your boats ready.
I've heard Liberty Ministries talk about getting your boats ready.
I'm talking about, folks, you've got to be ready for what's coming.
And you say, "Well, is it delayed?"I don't know time frames, folks.
All I do is I see what I see and I do it with all I have. I listen and I pray and I seek him with all I have.
You do the same and he'll speak to you. I'm nothing more than just another person that God uses.
He'll use you. He'll use everybody out there. If you yield yourself to him, he will show you things to come.
I'm anointed and appointed for such a time as this, obviously, to do this. So we're going to pray over what I've seen.
And so I know I've made a long video here that probably is just redundant, but I want to make it clear because obviously you all think I cause a lot of confusion.
A lot of y'all did. And when I say a lot, you know, a couple hundred out of how many thousands. But you want to clear it up for the couple hundred.
Well, we're going to take communion together today and we're going to pray and we're going to seek him.
And I believe with all my heart the best is yet to come. He said he gave us an extended period of time of grace, that he's not coming back yet.
He said he wants the harvest. Most people get upset because they're ready for Jesus to come back, but we occupy until he comes.
And most people are ready to abandon ship, but we have to fight until we get the harvest that he's wanting.
Or we're not going to go... do what you're supposed to do. Fight with all your heart, with all your mind, all your soul, all your strength.
Love him. Fight for him in the spirit realm and pray for the unsaved loved ones.
He doesn't want anyone to perish, but all to come to repentance.
Especially the ones that he knows are about ready to step over and get born again and saved.
If it was you and you were riding the fence of Christianity, wouldn't you want them to fight just a little bit more?
If you were really close... we get frustrated with his decisions because we want to go home, and I get that.
But the Lord told me, he said, "If you're satisfied with your life and you're elderly, you can be promoted."You don't want to die because you're scared of death, a lot of you, but the Lord wants to promote you if you're ready to be promoted and you say, "Hey, I'm satisfied.
Go home then."But the young ones have to get this job done. And if it was you that was riding the fence and you were backsliding and you weren't right with the Lord and you never accepted him, wouldn't you want somebody to give you a little bit more time?
Maybe you say, "Well, I'm saved."Well, no, but there's somebody out there that's praying for somebody that's just that close to giving their heart to Jesus Christ.
And the Lord sees it, and he wants that person. He'll go after the one and leave the ninety-nine.
Folks, I believe with all my heart there's the one out there today. There's somebody out there that would be just that close.
You're watching this video and you have been challenged and you're saying, "Man, Brandon, I want to come to Jesus. I don't really know how. I've been a big bad sinner.
I've done all these bad things and there's no way that the Lord would forgive me."But I want to tell you this: it doesn't matter how big of a sinner you think you are, Jesus Christ forgave you of all those sins.
If you ask him to, he'll wash you and cleanse you like a big sponge bath. He'll just wash you down and clean you up and get you right.
Put a new robe on you, get you a clean gown of salvation, and get you a mansion in heaven.
Start building it, doing everything they can to get everything ready for you because you're his child.
You don't realize how much the Lord loves you. He loves you so much and you've been running and running and running.
You say, "Well, I'll be a Christian whenever I get all this other stuff done,"because sin is fun for a season, ladies and gentlemen.
And you think, "Well, I'll just go out and party and sew my wild oats,"and then you get to the end of your life and you think, "Well, I can't serve him now because I've been bad all my life."So there's never a win situation in sin.
You never win because you're always going to talk yourself out of it because you think, "Now I'm really unworthy."But you never were worthy.
Nobody was. It was all by grace you were saved through faith.
So why do you keep running from the Father whenever he's waiting there with his arms wide open?
He is the best thing that's ever happened to me. There's nothing the world had to offer in sin to make me want to stay in the sin.
It's full of torment. It's tormenting your soul. It's awful.
You think, "Well, it's fun sleeping around, it's fun going to the clubs."Hey, man, you're missing out on the glory.
The glory is much more fun. Getting drunk in the Holy Spirit is fun.
Being filled with the spirit of God to overflow is fun. Being in peace that passes all understanding is fun.
Having a home that's full of peace is fun. Having kids that are raised up in a godly manner is fun. There's nothing the world offers that I want. I want him.
And when you just touch a thimbleful of that glory and you taste and see that the Lord is good, there's nothing more that would ever be more satisfying.
And when you take a gulp, a big gulp, and you drink it down—you're guzzling down from the Holy Spirit, that glorious anointing—you become an anointing junkie.
And that's where I'm at in life. I look for the next place I can find the next touch from the Lord.
It's like, where's the next spout where the glory comes out?
And I try to cultivate that right here in my house. I'm like, "Lord, I don't have to go to a place to find you.
I find you right here on this sofa."And you can fill me up, Lord.
Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. He'll fill you right where you are.
You have to just learn how to cultivate the river in your house.
Drink the new wine in your house. Sing songs to him. Worship him.
And I'm telling you, he said, "Blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled."And there's a lot of you that don't know how to get that fresh oasis in your house.
And it's not hard. We make it hard because we get in the flesh and we think too much.
But it's easy. He is an ever-present help in a time of need. And so I just lift up my hands all the time and say, "Fill me, Jesus.
Fill me, Jesus. I need a fresh touch from the Father today. I'm thirsty. I'm dry today.
My goodness, Lord, I need your living water today flowing through me."And I receive it by faith.
But there's some of you, like I said—I don't want to get off—I want to go back to the salvation part.
If you've never accepted him as Lord and Savior and you're riding the fence, and you say, "Brother Brandon, I want that what you're talking about right there.
I'm so alone. I'm so broken. I feel so lost. I don't want to feel lost anymore.
I don't want to be strung out on drugs or pornography or sex or alcohol.
I don't want to be strung out on this stuff no more. I want to be whole like what you're talking about.
I want Jesus to be Lord and Savior over my life."If you're telling me the truth, sir, and that's really what happened for me, would you please help me?
There's a lot of you that are out there. You say, "Would you just please help me? I don't want to live in this way no more.
I don't want to be bound by this heaviness and being strung out on meth or oxycodone or drinking or whatever.
I don't want this bondage no more. It's destroying my liver.
It's destroying my body. I don't want to do this no more."Today's your day.
It doesn't have to be something hard. It's why I feel the Holy Spirit is so strong, it makes me cry.
You don't have to be bound by a devil's hell no more. Jesus paid the price for you.
Jesus paid the price so you can run to him. Will you run to him today? Will you accept him as your lord and personal savior today?
You're watching this video and it was like, well, you just wanted to know about the Yankees or the economy or whatever, but there's a God that's waiting for you and he's opened the door for you today to come home.
He wants you to come in. Will you accept him? All you have to do is say a simple prayer and mean it with all your heart, and he's there and he's cleaning you up right now as you just yield.
And you go to him not as an adult, but as a spiritual child, his child.
Like you would do if you're little and you have skinned knees, a skinned elbow, and you run up to Daddy: "Fix it. I'm hurting.
Fix it."You may not have had a good daddy in childhood, so that might not be a good illustration for you, but this is a Father that will never beat you or never hurt you.
He's there always at all times, ready to love you and cuddle you and bring you back into his arms and say, "I've got this."So I want you to say this prayer with me.
Say, "Father, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God. I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior. Forgive me of my sins. I've done a bunch; I've been a big sinner.
But you said that if I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
So I confess it, Lord."You just say, "Lord, I've done a lot of stuff."He knows what you've done.
You don't have to say all of it because it would take you all day sometimes to say all the things you've done.
"Father, you know what I've done. Forgive me."Well, now that you've said all that, I believe you're saved.
It's simple. It doesn't have to be something all religious.
Just say, "Lord, I believe you're the Son of God. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I want to be saved. I want Jesus."So you don't have to be nothing weird, just from your heart.
"Jesus, saved me."Now, find you a Bible. Find a Bible. It doesn't have to be King James.
"I don't understand the Bible, it's too out there."Find an Amplified Bible.
I like the Amplified Bible. You could find a Bible app and download it.
Find a version of the Bible that ministers to you and just keep reading it every day.
And when you read that word, it becomes real inside of you and it will change you from the inside out.
Find that scripture and find things that minister to you. And there's little things on the Bible app—I find little devotionals and things like that.
Find a devotional that ministers to you; read that devotional. There's a lot of good ones out there.
Type in what you're dealing with, whatever it may be—addiction—and you still might have some of that residue from that.
You just keep reading about it. And it said, "Call those things that be not as though they were."In other words, say, "I'm free from addiction.
I'm free from cigarettes. I'm free from pornography. I'm free from drugs. I'm free from alcohol.
I call myself free today."And you've got to speak to your mountain and it's going to hear your voice.
Get that word down inside of you. Now you've got your Christian Pampers on. We're excited!
Now let's go out there and let's read and become meat-eaters on the word of God so that you're not just drinking the milk anymore.
Get plugged in. Find a church that teaches the word of God—a good one—and get baptized. Find a church where they'll baptize you and get plugged in.
A radical church, not some way-off left church that's going to teach you wrong doctrine. Find you a good, Holy Ghost-filled church.
There's a lot of good AG churches—I'd find an AG church if I could—or maybe, starting out, maybe a Life.Church or something.
You could just do Craig Groeschel or something like that around your area.
Just get your teeth into something good that's going to teach you.
And people say, "Well, why would you tell people to go there?"It's good for babies. You need to learn; just start somewhere good.
Okay, so I say we're going to take this body right now, to the born-again believers that are already born again.
We're going to take communion together today and I'm going to take this with you and we're going to believe God for your healing, for this is the meal that heals.
I believe this, ladies and gentlemen, with all my heart: that Jesus Christ is a healer.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if he healed the sick 2,000 years ago, he said he'll heal the sick today.
So I believe as we take this body and we believe with him that Jesus Christ is my healer, that he delivered me from all sickness and disease.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was on you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
And we take this body right now in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the body. Thank you, Lord, for what you did for us.
Thank you, Lord. Now, Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood over our lives.
And you said, "Make much of the blood, and the blood will make much of you."And Father, we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over all our sins, over everything we need it over.
You cover it all, Lord. And we plead the blood all around our house, all around our children, my wife, me, our finances.
We plead the blood of Jesus and we make much of your blood, Lord.
And we thank you that the blood of Jesus Christ is a barrier that Satan cannot touch us.
And we believe and we have faith in the blood of Jesus today, that you are our great protector.
You said in Psalm 91 that the angels bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for the angels. We thank you, Lord, for angelic protection today. We put angels around us.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the angels that are warring on our behalf with their swords and shields drawn.
Father, that we have mighty angels, that they protect us from any calamity, from any major tornadoes or storms or any bad thing.
You are our protector. You are our shield and our buckler. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you are our everything.
We believe in Psalm 91 and Psalm 23. And I thank you for the blood, Lord. And I thank you, Father, that you've washed us clean.
Lord, we just believe in the authority of the believer—that we're seated with you in the heavenlies.
And we take this blood, for it never loses its power. Thank you for the blood.
Thank you, Father, for what you did for us. Thank you that you died and you rose again on the third day.
Thank you, Father, that you did all that for me and my wife and my kids and all these people watching—that we don't have to go to hell.
If you didn't do anything else for us, Lord, and you just did that—that when I die, I don't have to go to hell—Father, you've done it all.
Thank you. Thank you for the price you paid. Thank you, Lord, that you freely gave your life.
You did it willingly; you weren't forced to. You did it because you wanted to.
You gave your life to me because you wanted to, and I'm so appreciative of it, Lord.
"Thank you"seems so inadequate. "Thank you"seems so small.
I want to be able to say it so big. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for dying for me.
Thank you, Lord, for setting me free. Thank you, Lord, for healing my body. Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul.
Thank you, Father, that you made me a joint-heir with you and I'm seated with you in the heavenlies, Father, far above all principalities and powers.
I'm a joint-heir with Jesus Christ. I'm an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ in this earth.
And Father, we lift up the blood and we thank you for the blood, Lord.
These precious times that we take this communion... we don't just do it lightly.
It's not just a piece of cracker or juice. We believe, Father, that you've set us free.
We believe, Father, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And I believe, Father—mentally, emotionally, physically, financially—you've made us whole in Jesus'name. We take the blood. Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, you said today when I was praying, you said, "I want you to praise me for the victory."Stop—we're not asking anymore; we're rejoicing for what he's already done.
So we're going to take a moment, whether it's just a couple minutes here, and we're going to thank him for the victory for Tuesday, for the elections.
Thank him for the victory where we've prayed and he's heard us.
And we're going to believe now by faith. What do you do when you get your breakthrough?
What do you do when you see what you've been praying for come to pass? You get excited about it. You rejoice, right?
So we're going to rejoice by faith right now for the victory for President Trump winning the election, for victory in the Senate and the House. We're going to give him victory.
We're going to praise him and we're going to rejoice for a couple minutes here and thank him for the victory that we have in him—that we have the election, that we have what he said we can have.
And we're not going to be downcast. We're going to lift up our eyes and be in faith, calling those things that be not as though they were, giving God praise for what he's done.
He brought me rain. I've had almost four inches of rain in 24 hours.
The Lord's brought the rain, ladies and gentlemen. So let's praise him.
Father, we worship you. Father, we give you glory and honor and praise.
Father, thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough concerning President Trump.
Thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough concerning our Senate and our House.
Lord, we praise you and give you glory for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Father, we give you praise. Father, thank you, Lord. Lord, you are so awesome and so worthy to be praised.
Lord, we thank you, Jesus, for the breakthrough concerning our political situation here in America, that Trump wins with a great, landslide victory.
We praise you, Father. We worship you, Father. We thank you, Lord, that you're intervening on our behalf today.
Lord, we give you glory and honor and praise, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Father, we praise and give you glory. Father, thank you, Jesus, for all that you've done.
Father, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're so good, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord he is good and his mercy endures forever. Oh, Lord, we praise you, Father. We give you glory, honor, and praise.
Father, we worship you, Father, for you are good, and we shout the victory, for we have overcome the world.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. So we just praise him. He's such a good God.
And people—neighbors—say, "What is he screaming about?"No, we're giving God praise.
He's faithful and he is worthy to be praised, for he has come through for us.
He has delivered us from the hand of the wicked and we're believing by faith.
We receive it. Tuesday is the election and we believe it, Father. It's time. It's our time. It's our victory.
And Father, we give you praise that what the devil tried to do for bad, you're going to turn for good.
And Father, we praise you for all hidden ballots to be exposed and revealed.
We praise you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, that all the senators—Ted Cruz, Kari Lake—will win by landslide.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that Michigan and Ohio and Colorado—all of them—even California would have a Red Wave.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that Oregon would have a Red Wave.
Thank you for Washington, Father, and Texas and Montana. Father, we just give praise.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Father, thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord. There is a revival taking place in Asia today. Father, we thank you for Africa.
There is a mighty wave of your glory happening in Africa today.
Father, we call forth Africa to have a supernatural experience with you.
All the people, Father, would see a great harvest of souls throughout all of Africa in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, that you're not done with Africa. There is a lot of good people, Father, that just need to know you. Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you're stirring in the hearts of the people, you're teaching them how to do spiritual warfare, and that they would rise up, Father, and call their nation back to you, call their continent back to you—all of Africa, every single nation.
Father, would have a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord.
The continent of Africa, Father, would have a supernatural visitation from Jesus.
All their nations—every single one, from South Africa all the way to Ghana to Kenya.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a supernatural revival going to take place in Kenya.
Madagascar—Father, I believe from coast to coast, from top to bottom, all the way around, Father, we call forth revival over all the nations.
Over the Middle East—Father, I thank you, Lord, for the Middle East to have a great move, from Pakistan all over Iran and Iraq, and over all of it, from Jordan.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Israel would have a move of God. From Syria, Father, we thank you, Lord.
From Turkey, Lord, we thank you for a supernatural move of your presence throughout all of the Middle East. Father, I thank you for Asia.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for a supernatural move of your presence over Asia, for a mighty outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord over North Korea, South Korea, over all of it—Japan, China, Singapore, Hong Kong.
Father, we pray for all the places that there would be a supernatural move of your spirit.
Over Russia—Father, we pray over Russia that there would be a move of your spirit.
Over Russia and the Ukrainian situation—Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's peace.
Lord, we pray peace over them, Father, that they stop shooting and hurting each other.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's peace over this area in the name of Jesus.
And we raise up, Father, godly leadership to stop this madness.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that anybody who needs to be removed will be removed in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that there is a supernatural removing of evil dictators.
Father, I thank you, Lord, even in this nation still, that they are all removed—the ones that have been standing in the way of the glory are removed—and there is a great move of your spirit in the name of Jesus over America, and that you give us one last call.
Father, we give you praise and glory for it, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do, Lord.
And the best is yet to come. We believe even for the brush harbor churches, for big tent revival churches.
Big tent revival churches, Father, in the middle of the fields, with people coming from everywhere to see and experience the presence of the Lord.
And we give you praise for it right now in Jesus'name. Well, everybody say, "Amen and amen."I know that was a little short today.
I've got to go to my prayer service at the church with my family.
And I appreciate every one of you. We're going to take Cash App off of ways to give.
That company's giving us a lot of trouble and they don't like what we're doing.
And so I can't attack them, but I will say that company is not one that we're going to do business with anymore.
We're not going to use that as a means of giving because of the way they're acting. They're not right.
So we're going to set up Zelle, and I'm going to do that because I felt more peace about it than the other because of what they're doing.
If y'all want to do it that way, fine. But like I said, we never ask you for nothing; you ask for means to ways to give.
And I'm setting up Zelle and I'm going to have it ready this week, hopefully. And hopefully that'll be easier for you to use.
I don't understand why the world—they don't like Christians, but they're just corrupt.
So Diana and I are going to... it will all be in the description. She's going to put it in the description, my sweetie.
She's in here trying to help me put in the description for Zelle.
And we're going to take out Cash App; we're not going to use it no more.
So if you wonder where it went, it's because we're taking it completely off because of the way they're acting.
But we'll have... if people wanted a tax-deductible gift, you could see that in the description below.
People are asking about that. We finally got that done and we're excited about that.
That took a lot of work. And people were asking about that. And then, what else, babe? Oh, we're making...
my wife had a t-shirt idea, so we're going to have Christmas presents if people wanted to buy somebody a gift for their Christmas and wanted to have t-shirts.
We've got prayer shirts we're making, and my wife's doing it.
And so if you're wanting to have a prayer hoodie or some kind of cool thing that has our logo on it—like what we're going to be doing with our ministry here—if you want to support it, it's fine.
If you don't, fine. It's exciting. I thought it's fine if we can maybe see each other in public and you can say, "Hey, we watch that channel too."It will all be in the description.
We're getting it ready. We're going to have mugs—maybe you want a coffee cup with it on there—or a t-shirt, a hoodie, or something.
So my wife's working on all that right now. If you want it, fine; if you don't, fine.
But exciting for us. Hey, so we just want to say thank you for being a part of our YouTube channel.
Please like and subscribe to our videos; it really helps us.
We hit over 400,000 people today, folks! We hit 400,000 people.
We are 100,000 people away from half a million people praying with us.
To God be the glory, y'all! That is a huge deal. I mean, from where I started...
half a million people praying. So—not everybody prays, but there's a lot of y'all who do.
And so half a million is a lot. So thank you for subscribing. Thank you for clicking the notification bell.
You're helping to get the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
I've had a lot of people get born again this week watching these videos and they're emailing, and there's others getting healed.
We had a really cool testimony about somebody that we prayed for as a group, that I called out a name and her name was the certain person that I called out in the video, and the Lord radically is turning that whole family around.
So I just was like, "Praise the Lord!"It's exciting to see Jesus move in people's lives.
I get excited about it because I know what it was like to be bound and to be lost and not have hope—felt like I was in a dark hole.
And then Jesus set me free. And I know that Jesus—if he did it for me, he'll do it for you.
He's no respecter of persons. So we're excited you're here.
Please stick around, please come and pray with us, and be a part of this YouTube channel.
I hope it blesses you. That's my heart's desire is to see Jesus move in your life.
We put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
And we'll see you again tomorrow. God bless you all. Have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.